[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
We have a very special guest for
you tonight, Dr. Lauren Cielo,
a clairvoyant healer and teacher
and owner of the Golden Rose
Psychic Services
in sunny San Diego
and also has a podcast called "A
Metaphysical Q&A," which we'll
talk about in the program.
Lauren, welcome to the program.
>>LAUREN CIELO: Oh, it's
good to be here, George.
Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: Always good
to see you, my friend.
>>CIELO: Good to be back.
>>NOORY: How's life?
>>CIELO: Getting
better all the time.
>>NOORY: Excellent, excellent.
You've been a psychic
healer, clairvoyant healer
for how long?
When did this start for you?
>>CIELO: About a
dozen years ago.
I was an engineer, and
rather bored with that.
And so I went to some
crazy psychic institute.
I spent two years studying.
And then I started Golden Rose.
>>NOORY: And when you did, it
exploded for you, didn't it?
It took off.
>>CIELO: It really did.
I seem to have a knack for this.
>>NOORY: I mean, I remember
when you were first on with me.
And we're going to
talk a little bit
about that metamorphosis
you've gone through
with "Beyond Belief."
It is still one of the most
viewed shows we've ever done.
People are into
this, aren't they?
>>CIELO: I'm so grateful I
hope that something I say
can help people.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
When you were on with
me five years ago,
Dr. Lauren Cielo was a her.
Today you're a he.
>>CIELO: I am.
>>NOORY: You went
through a metamorphosis.
>>CIELO: I did.
I started a transition at about
52 if you can believe that.
I'm 56 now.
So I'm starting to feel
more and more relaxed.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>CIELO: I seem to see the world
from a different perspective
now.
And I'm just happier.
>>NOORY: And I only bring
it up because people
who have watched this
highly-rated, number-one show
are probably wondering,
that's the same person?
I'm not sure.
So let's get it out there.
And you freely talk
about this situation.
>>CIELO: You know, I had
to, because a lot of my work
is on the phone.
And it's my voice.
So my voice was very, very high.
And it's not really
that low now.
But I just wanted to
make sure that people
knew who they were talking to.
So I couldn't really
stay in the closet.
I had to kind of tell
everybody that I'm transgender.
>>NOORY: Well, I'm
glad you're happy.
I'm glad things are
going well for you.
And I'm looking forward to
this discussion with you
today because this is a
fascinating subject for me,
too.
Now, I don't think you were
podcasting five years ago,
were you?
>>CIELO: No.
>>NOORY: How did that start?
>>CIELO: Well, Golden Rose is
a platform where I do readings.
And I teach other
people to read.
And I teach other people
how to teach this technique.
And so that's a
very limited percent
of the population that benefits.
So I've collaborated
with Crystal Heinemann,
a great psychic.
And we kind of
taking metaphysics
to the masses with this
metaphysical Q&A podcast.
So it really starts
with soul contracts,
where we kind of left off
with that last time we talked.
>>NOORY: Well, you know, we
highlight podcasting on "Coast
to Coast" every month.
We give people who
have an opportunity
to share what they
do with the world.
So let's make sure we get you
on "Coast to Coast" as well
and talk about your podcast
because you will get a bigger
audience after that, too.
Tell me exactly what is
a clairvoyant healer.
>>CIELO: Well, it's
really interesting.
It really goes back
to quantum physics.
There's an experiment called
the "double-slit experiment,"
where scientists push particles
through two slits in a piece
of metal.
And what they realized is when
they were watching the quantum
particles, they changed.
They behaved differently than
when no one was watching.
So what I do is I
clairvoyantly look at you.
And therefore,
you'll change, just
like quantum particles would.
So that's the healing.
>>NOORY: It reacts to that.
>>CIELO: Just being seen.
Isn't that amazing?
>>NOORY: How would that work?
Why would that work?
>>CIELO: You're going to have
to ask the quantum physicists.
I don't know.
>>NOORY: Dr. Emoto,
God rest his soul,
would look at
water ice crystals.
And he would play music
before he froze the ice,
and then looked at it
under a microscope.
He would play what
we would consider
nice music and fun music.
And then he would play
heavy metal music.
All the time that he looked
at the ice crystals of water
after he played
the pleasant music,
it was just beautifully laid
out-- the crystals were.
When he looked at it under
the heavy rock music,
it would be distorted
and out of the way.
So there's got to be
something to this.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
I think so.
I also use a healing
master, which
I mentioned the last time
I was here, Ankaijia.
He's one of my best friends.
So when I'm reading
someone, and we kind of
see what the block is, he's the
one that goes over and really
tries to move their energy.
If I try to do it,
Lauren only runs Lauren.
And George only runs George.
So if we energetically
mingle too much,
it won't be beneficial.
But again, that's the human
condition-- is to mingle.
But when I read, I don't.
I stay on my side.
And Ankaijia is the one
that goes over and heals.
>>NOORY: Have you always
been psychically inclined?
>>CIELO: Absolutely not.
>>NOORY: Really?
It's developed later in life?
>>CIELO: I was formally
trained to take an engineer
and show them step by
step by step how to read.
And that's what I learned.
>>NOORY: And you
learned it well.
>>CIELO: I hope so.
>>NOORY: Was it trial
and error for you?
>>CIELO: No.
Once I realized what it was that
I was doing, it was very easy.
>>NOORY: When clients come to
you, Lauren, what do they want?
>>CIELO: Happiness.
>>NOORY: Jobs, security,
things like that?
Or relationships?
>>CIELO: I think just
being happy-- just trying
to figure out how to be
happy in the chaotic world
that we're living in.
>>NOORY: Are they miserable
when they come in to you?
>>CIELO: Well, sometimes
I feel like a dentist
or a traffic cop, right?
When I first start talking to
somebody, I say, how are you?
They're never
really well, or know
they wouldn't be calling me.
So I think by the time
we're done, though, we've
kind of shifted their
intention and their awareness
a little bit.
So I think by the
end of readings,
I do think they've been able to
find what they're looking for,
I hope.
>>NOORY: Is it that awareness
and that shift that helps
change them?
>>CIELO: I think so.
I think one thing
if we realize that--
it's really our
higher self that's
creating all of those contracts.
And after my show here last
time, a lot of my new clients
wanted to know, well,
how can I here on Earth
change my soul contracts?
You can't.
>>NOORY: I want you to
tell me a little bit
before we look at the clip.
You did a reading
with a television host
named Taylor Baldwin.
Tell me about Taylor.
>>CIELO: Oh, Taylor was great.
She invited me on.
She was very interested
in the subject.
It's not often that
an interviewer will
let me read them on the air.
So I thought she was very
brave, because she didn't
know what I was going to say.
>>NOORY: Sure.
I'll let you do that to
me here, too, if you want.
>>CIELO: Excellent.
>>NOORY: But let's take
a look at Taylor Baldwin.
>>CIELO: OK.
Just say your full
name three times.
>>TAYLOR BALDWIN:
Taylor Baldwin.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
This is what you
showed me when I
said you came colliding
into my space earlier today.
So one thing you want
people to know about you,
Taylor, is that
you're really smart.
That's the first thing
you want people to know.
And really, the
wealth of information
you have goes really deep.
You mentioned it
before as we were
talking that you've had a
very unusual life, or maybe
a challenging life.
And that's what's brought you
this wealth of information.
But there's way more
to it than that.
You're actually
running the color
that you're wearing, which
people do all the time.
So most of you is yellow.
But right around
the edges, you're
showing that color orange.
And really, what this is--
I believe that you're
showing that you're
going to make a shift.
In your career, you're about
to make another step forward
or step to the other side.
So you're kind of brewing
in that energy right now.
But there's a lot more
information inside of you
that you've yet to really--
I almost want to say, take out
of a compartment and looked at,
is the way you say it.
I always like the way
clients say the words.
I just kind of hold space
while they fill it in.
And I'm just going to
say, you point to an age
where you're really going
to master all of it.
And it's not
external information.
It's not like it's people
around you or education.
It's all inside you.
And it's been inside you.
It happens at 52 is
what you're saying.
So at 52, that's when you
really kind of come into your--
you say "wisdom,"
which I like that word.
And also, you tend
to balance out at 52.
You're really focused on
that age for some reason.
I think it has something
to do with your family.
When I look, it's like there's
a nice, broad foundation
for you and your girls.
And we were talking about them
earlier before we started.
So it could be that there's
a lot of shifts in the family
unit at 52 for you.
And you're kind of the
matriarch, where you're setting
out the foundation for this.
And that's when you really get--
I think by mothering and
grandmothering that--
>>BALDWIN: Whoa!
>>CIELO: I know.
I knew you were going to
light up on that picture.
But I think through
that space is
where you really find the wisdom
that you've been nibbling at.
But you haven't really
noticed or owned
all of the internal wisdom
that you really have.
So you're very, very,
adamant about age 52.
>>NOORY: She looks
like you were spot on.
>>CIELO: I don't know.
I hope so.
I hope it helped her.
>>NOORY: And what
city was that in?
>>CIELO: San Diego.
>>NOORY: San Diego.
OK, down that way.
That's fascinating.
Now, when you're doing that,
what is coming into your mind
to do that the way you did?
>>CIELO: Oh, I
love that question
because I think a lot
of times clairvoyance
may not tell you what
we really experience.
So what I see are
images and color.
It's really the only two
things in the universe.
And from just one little
flash of an image,
the information just
starts flowing in.
I kind of step to the side.
And it is weird because I'll use
vocabulary words that I don't
really have in my vocabulary.
I don't really even
know what they mean.
>>NOORY: Where do
they come from?
>>CIELO: Well, I think I read
mostly from my crown chakra.
I know things.
>>NOORY: There's a
resource you tap into, too?
>>CIELO: No.
I don't believe I channel.
I don't believe I do.
>>NOORY: You don't have a
guide or anything like that?
>>CIELO: Well, Ankaijia, but
he doesn't plug all the way
into my crown, which we would
consider being a channel.
So it's really me.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
Let's do me.
>>CIELO: All right.
Hang on.
>>NOORY: Tell me what to do.
>>CIELO: OK.
Just say your name
three times, please.
>>NOORY: George Noory.
George Noory.
>>CIELO: OK.
So George, you're running pink.
And there's really
three, I would say,
peaks of the pink energy.
Whenever I see shades--
well, let me say it this way.
Energies that my six chakras
see is shades of pink.
Whatever those
energies really are,
you'll use them to
increase your self-love.
So there's three ways that
you're doing that right now.
One you haven't
even noticed yet.
One is this.
But there's another
thing that's happening.
There's something new coming in.
And it's a little bit
off to the side of this,
although it kind of has the
same flavor in your career.
And let me say hello to this
one that you don't know yet.
This seems to have to
do with relationships.
And I don't really mean
intimate relationships.
And it does feel like
family energy to me.
But I'm not sure that this is
really people in your family.
I don't think you get there
until a little bit later
in life, though.
So I guess what I would say
is what you're doing now
is one of those peaks that
helps you love yourself more.
Something else is
coming off to the side
that's very close to this new
opportunities in your career.
But then this other
one-- you're saving it
for when you're a little
bit more seasoned.
Hang on.
It goes back to the way--
not that you were
treated as a child,
but maybe the way that you
learned to interact in groups.
So as you get older,
there's going to be--
and it's not just one person.
I see several people.
I almost think, my friend--
this is what I think.
I think you kind
of do what I do.
I think you kind of hold
space while other people heal.
But I don't know if you're
really looking at that yet.
You are more focused on the new
career things that are coming.
But watch.
And I get this is really
in your 70s, George,
when I look at when you're
really going to step into this.
>>NOORY: At least I'll be
around in my 70s, right?
>>CIELO: You'll be the
focal point of some group,
but you're the teacher.
You're the teacher
in that group.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Does the fact that I'm a Gemini
have anything to do with it,
Lauren?
>>CIELO: I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I think that manifests in
your space in different ways.
I think that
manifests the way you
look at this world
and the other world.
And maybe when you get 70--
well, I'm not saying you
have to wait till you're 70.
But I think that's what
you're looking to do--
is put those two
things together.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
And when you do
this for clients,
I assume it's a little
more elaborate, right?
>>CIELO: Yes.
Just on somebody's
name, I can probably
talk for about 10 or
15 minutes without them
asking any questions.
>>NOORY: But when they
start asking questions,
what are they
generally looking for?
>>CIELO: Well, usually
the first thing
they say is, well,
you've just answered
all the questions I came with.
So I have a new
set of questions.
But it's everything.
It's feeling stuck.
I think that's kind
of a main theme.
We can't really see
ourselves progressing,
I don't think, on the Earth
plane as much as we really are.
>>NOORY: You ever have
anybody break down
and cry in front of you?
>>CIELO: Oh, always.
Always.
>>NOORY: It gets
emotional, doesn't it?
>>CIELO: Oh, it does.
Absolutely.
Because who I'm
really talking to is
your higher self, the part
of you that lives forever.
And that part of
us sees our life
here on Earth so much
different than we do.
We really have a
lot of self-hatred.
>>NOORY: What does a person
take away from a reading?
What do they get?
>>CIELO: I think a bigger
perspective of maybe
what they're living
through, I think.
I think people
get tunnel vision.
They're focused on one thing.
I'll give you a good example.
Sometimes you'll think
to heal something,
you logically think you
ought to do something.
That seems logical.
But when I read, a lot of
times it's not logical.
To heal a sore toe, you don't
necessarily soak it in water.
It might be something
completely different.
>>NOORY: Yeah, exactly.
That's fascinating
what happens, isn't it?
>>CIELO: It is fascinating.
I love my job.
It's so much more
interesting than engineering.
>>NOORY: It's different
every day, isn't it?
It is.
>>CIELO: And I'd
probably say this.
I do maybe two or three
readings a day when I'm working.
>>NOORY: Oh, that's
pretty intense.
>>CIELO: It is.
I'm very grateful.
But I'll find myself
saying at least once a day,
I've never seen that before.
And it's so stimulating.
>>NOORY: Edgar Cayce when he
did his readings, Lauren, was
eventually exhausted.
It may have ended up
killing him because
of the readings and everything.
Do you ever feel that
way at the end of a day--
that it was just so exhausting
giving and giving and telling
people about themselves?
I mean, does it ever drain you?
>>CIELO: Yeah.
Well, first I want to thank
Cayce because without him, I
wouldn't have a job.
He's the one that coined
the phrase "life reading."
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>CIELO: But he did it
a little bit different.
He was the sleeping prophet.
So he would actually
leave his body.
>>NOORY: You're awake.
>>CIELO: I'm awake.
And it's me.
I'm the one doing it.
He would allow another
being to come in.
And again, that's where the
energetic mingling happens.
And it can be really
non-beneficial.
So for a channeler to really
stay on the forefront,
on the forward lean, they really
need to energetically separate
from whoever they're letting
step into their space
because it will cause disease.
>>NOORY: It will.
So you've been able to battle
that and fight that off?
>>CIELO: I feel great.
I feel better after I read.
>>NOORY: You get energetic?
>>CIELO: Oh my gosh, yes.
Because I feel that the
people that I'm reading--
their higher selves
are super genius.
When they're trying to
figure something out
and I can understand how they're
doing that, after I'm done,
I go look in the mirror
and go, how can I do that?
>>NOORY: Have you ever
been into a reading
where you realize this
is not a good person?
>>CIELO: Oh, yes.
>>NOORY: Maybe like
a serial killer
came to you, for an example.
>>CIELO: Oh, absolutely.
What I really notice is
emotional and mental disease.
There's one certain
way that I can tell
right away if this person is--
because a lot of times,
what people might
feel motivated to do
is to step to the side
of emotional and
mental health and go
right towards spirituality.
And it's really a pyramid.
You have to be physically
healthy, emotionally healthy,
mentally.
And then you can work
on the spiritual.
So I'm really looking for
maybe people who hear voices.
And the voices are telling
them to do bad things.
Well, that's mental illness.
If you're hearing voices,
and they're telling you,
you're wonderful.
Get out there and
grab your life,
that's really your
higher self talking.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
Have you ever had a point where
you wanted to refer somebody
to a psychiatrist?
>>CIELO: Not really.
Going back to contracts, when
somebody signs a contract
to work with me, they
are high vibrating.
And they really can
understand what I'm saying
and where I'm coming from.
So I don't get a lot of
those kind of clients.
>>NOORY: Tell us about the soul.
Where does that fit
into what you do?
>>CIELO: The soul
is the higher self.
I use those words
interchangeably.
So our soul lives forever
on the astral plane.
And every once in a while,
it will decide to incarnate.
It could incarnate in this
reality or many others.
It can incarnate more
than once at a time.
>>NOORY: What is
a soul contract?
>>CIELO: Well, soul
contracts are really
what create all the adventures
that we live through.
I don't like to call them
"lessons" or "experiences."
I like "adventures."
So everything that we experience
is in agreement with our higher
self.
And that's where
free will lives.
When you hear the
concept of free will,
Lauren Cielo here on
Earth doesn't really
feel that I have free will.
But my higher self does
to sign those contracts,
revise them, or cancel
them altogether.
>>NOORY: So we can do that.
>>CIELO: Our higher self can.
You might think of it as the
higher self is the puppet
master, and we're the puppet.
So the puppet can't really
influence the puppet master
too much.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Give me an example
of a soul contract.
What would the deal be?
>>CIELO: This one that
you and I have, right?
We started it five years ago,
and we're continuing it now.
One of the interesting
things-- when
I was getting ready to
come on your show again,
Mercury is in
retrograde right now.
And one of the aspects of
that is conversations that
started earlier get finished.
So I kind of think that's
what we're doing today.
>>NOORY: And you had a good
time on our first program,
didn't you?
>>CIELO: Oh my gosh.
I had a great time.
>>NOORY: And the response
was good for you?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Good.
This one will be, too.
>>CIELO: I hope.
>>NOORY: I've had Dr. Bruce
Goldberg on, a hypnotherapist.
And he said years later, he's
still getting phone calls
from the first "Beyond
Belief" show we did with him.
So it's got amazing
staying power.
>>CIELO: I do, too.
>>NOORY: Gaia has got some
great programs on this network.
>>CIELO: They absolutely do.
It's a wonderful benefit
to everyone-- the healers
and the people looking
for the healing.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Let's talk about karma
for a second, Lauren.
What goes around comes around.
Is that true?
>>CIELO: No.
[LAUGHTER]
>>NOORY: You mean we
can do anything we
want without any repercussions?
>>CIELO: Yep, if that's
what those contracts say.
>>NOORY: Really?
I always thought that if you
were good, it came back to you.
If you were bad, it
came back to you.
>>CIELO: Well, think
of it this way.
The higher selves who are
signing those contracts--
they're neutral.
They don't know good from bad.
The only thing that
adds that flavor
is the society that
you're in when you're
having those
adventures, when you're
living through those contracts.
So karma is really unfinished
contracts from other lives.
So when you get
ready to incarnate,
you're likely to go back to
those unfulfilled contracts
and hook up with
those people again.
>>NOORY: There's
that old saying,
karma is a-- but we won't
say what that other word is.
Is that true?
>>CIELO: Well, I would say
to be spiritually healthy,
you really don't want
to have to do anything.
Your higher self wants the
ability to change on a dime.
So if it has a lot of
karma, it is more difficult.
>>NOORY: There's a
spiritual teacher
by the name of Matt Kahn who
talks about soul contracts.
>>MATT KAHN: Let's talk about
soul contracts for a moment.
A soul contract usually has
a few different premises.
A contract is either
motivating you
into an action step that is
the embodiment of your highest
wisdom.
So things will happen to
you, like target practice
or like flashcards, to
put you in a situation
to see if you're willing to
let your highest wisdom be
the resolution to the
circumstance at hand.
So a soul contract
is either motivating
you to cultivate the choices
you haven't made in the past
to hone your highest
vibration and bring
your full potential into form.
Or you're put in situations
that seem unfair,
unjust just to become aware
of the judgments you have.
And by learning to embrace
and love the one who judges,
that level of judgment unravels.
And you exit that moment more
evolved than the moment before.
Does that make sense?
So we're either being
motivated to act
on our highest consciousness
as the solution
to the circumstance.
Or we're put in situations
just to come more
into harmony with the
circumstances and feelings
that we keep judging as if
it's not divinely orchestrated.
>>NOORY: So what's
he saying, Lauren?
>>CIELO: I agree with
most of what he's saying.
One of the interesting ways
that contracts might play out
is you actually trick yourself
into getting a healing.
And I'll give you
a good example.
When I was an engineer,
I was the only woman.
And the guys I worked with
were telling blonde jokes.
>>NOORY: In front of you.
>>CIELO: And I found it
very offensive because they
were dumb women jokes.
And so I would get all
upset on the inside.
And now looking back, I
realized that my higher self
was trying to light
up my, I would say,
hatred of being a woman.
So it all came out, right?
Now, as I worked
through that energy,
I stopped focusing on how
those type of comments
were affecting me.
And I was able to
see that it was more
about that other person.
So if I said it another
way, my higher self
was signing contracts
so that the parts of me
that were afraid of being
a woman would get lit up.
And once I dealt with all of
that, two things happened.
One, nobody says
those kind of things
about women in front of me.
And if they do, I
don't go, oh my gosh.
I'm so uncomfortable.
I think, oh my gosh, my friend.
You have a problem with women.
So it changed--
>>NOORY: You reverse it.
>>CIELO: Yes.
I was able to
release what it was.
And that's the only
reason that my higher self
would have put me through that.
>>NOORY: Plus they're
not funny jokes.
>>CIELO: They're not funny.
>>NOORY: They really aren't.
In the old days, Lauren--
and I've watched a lot of Frank
Sinatra clips and Sammy Davis
Jr. clips and stuff.
I don't know how they got
away with some of the things
they said.
But you can't do that today.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
Things are really changing.
And they're integrating,
just like myself.
I'm integrating male and female.
So it's kind of hard
to not like either one.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
Exactly.
Well, back to these soul
contracts for a moment.
For an individual who doesn't
have the ability, let's say,
to see a Lauren Cielo, how
do they do this themselves?
What can they do
within themself to try
to make them a better person?
>>CIELO: Well, I think
one thing you can do
is set your intention
that all of your contracts
are up to date.
If you've signed some
contract before you were born,
and it's not really
beneficial anymore--
and that's really easy.
You can just ask your
guides and angels
to go work with your higher
self and to bring them
into present time.
You can't really
change them, though.
Whatever your higher self
wants to experience, it will.
And I think that's what
I'm interested in now
with the new platform
that I'm working with.
How do you live through
those soul contracts?
The contracts are written
by your higher self,
and you can't change that.
But how can you live
through them here on Earth?
>>NOORY: Is it kind
of like making a deal
with the good or the bad?
Once you've etched
it, that's it?
Dr. Faustus gave his
soul to the devil
because he wanted to
have an incredible life.
When he came down
to the point where
he had to give his soul
up, he didn't want to.
>>CIELO: I don't really
see good and bad.
When I read, I
would never say, oh,
you have a bunch of negative
energy in your space.
I only see two types of energy--
your energy and someone else's.
>>NOORY: OK.
And can you tell when you meet
somebody for the first time
whether they have the
soul energy or not?
>>CIELO: I think everyone does.
Some might not know they do.
And I think that's the
situation I was in.
I was very much blinded
to who I really was.
So I think that right
now, it's really easy
to kind of crack your own
shell and step out and find out
who you really are just because
there's so many energies
on the planet now.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
Exactly.
But once you tap into it,
there are incredible things
you can do.
>>CIELO: Well, just think of me.
I call my life a
"white cane life."
I'm blind.
I don't know where I'm going.
I don't know what I'm doing.
If I would have been
six years old and say,
I want to be a
transgender psychic,
I didn't even know
what that was.
So I think for a lot
of us, the paradigms
have shifted so much that to
set goals might be futile.
Because your higher
self is probably
going to have goals that you
would never even believe,
especially as we move further
into the new energies on Earth.
>>NOORY: Would you consider
yourself psychic, too?
>>CIELO: Oh, yes.
>>NOORY: You do.
This ability to be psychic--
has it gotten you out
of sticky situations?
>>CIELO: It's probably got
me into more situations that
were sticky than out
of them, I would say.
>>NOORY: It got you in more
trouble than you would have.
>>CIELO: And it's very
difficult for me to read myself.
>>NOORY: Do you need
somebody else to read you?
>>CIELO: Yes.
>>NOORY: Is that probably a
standard case of most psychics?
>>CIELO: I think so, because
it's all about neutrality.
If somebody comes and tells me
they've committed crimes or--
>>NOORY: And will they
freely tell you that?
>>CIELO: Oh, yes.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Like a priest.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
I don't judge.
I just look at the contracts.
I mean, the archetypal contract
is the Jesus-Judas contract.
If you want a
lifetime as a Jesus,
you have to have a Judas.
So on the astral plane, the
souls of Jesus and Judas
love each other the most
to come down on Earth
and to play out that
drama where Judas
is going to be hated forever.
>>NOORY: Some say that
Jesus basically told
Judas and instructed
Judas, you need to do this.
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: It's the only
way the plan works.
>>CIELO: It's the only way.
That's it.
>>NOORY: Possible?
>>CIELO: I think the people
that sign the toughest contracts
with you--
the ones that are going to
hurt you and them the most--
are the people that
love you the most.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
Do you think that Jesus kind of
gave him a pass after he died--
that Judas wasn't going to be in
hell for the rest of his life?
>>CIELO: Well, I
don't really see
that there is a heaven or hell.
What I see is different
levels of the astral plane.
And I think if you're going
to sign a contract for someone
to live out a
lifetime as a messiah,
by the time you're
out of body, you
do vibrate pretty
high-- that you
would be willing to do
that for someone else.
>>NOORY: What would
you say, Lauren,
for you has been the most
enlightening aspect of what
you do?
>>CIELO: I would say letting
go of victimhood and guilt.
Because once we
understand that everything
is based on those
contracts, then
you can't be a perpetrator.
And you can't be a
victim because everyone
was in agreement to
have that event happen.
And I'm still trying to
live into that, too--
releasing the things
that people have
done to me that I
didn't particularly like
and the things I've done to
people that weren't nice.
>>NOORY: Right.
They're there.
They're out there.
>>CIELO: You bet.
>>NOORY: Do you think
people have guilt?
>>CIELO: Oh, yes.
And I think guilt could be
constructive in some ways,
because you feel bad
because you think
you've done something wrong.
And you want to make a change.
Shame, on the other
hand, is you feel bad
because of who you are.
And that's what I deal with
a lot-- is shame of who I am
and all the shifts
that I've gone through
and how it's affected
the people around me.
>>NOORY: Tell me
about your podcast
and what you're doing with that.
>>CIELO: Oh, excellent.
The podcast is called
"Metaphysical Q&A."
And like I had mentioned,
it starts right
where soul contracts leaves off.
So if here on Earth we might
entertain the idea that there's
this mystical higher self that's
creating all the adventures
in our lives, then,
again, how do we
live through those gracefully--
the things that might seem
that we could never do,
but our higher self
signed a contract for it?
How can we release what's in
our space that makes it so hard?
How can we come out of
resistance to our soul
contracts is really what
"Metaphysical Q&A" is all
about.
>>NOORY: And if you're
clamoring, of course,
to hear part of the podcast,
we've got a clip for you.
>>CIELO: I'll tell you in
a nutshell the difference,
I think, between,
oh, I don't know,
maybe counseling
versus metaphysics.
When I say this example,
everyone listening
will know exactly what I mean
about what metaphysics are.
So I remember a time when
I was really distraught,
looking for a healing,
looking for a healer.
And I would go to a
psychic or whoever.
And I would tell them
what my issues were,
where my difficulties were,
where my frustrations were,
where my pain was.
And more times than
not, I would get
a response like, well, Lauren,
just let go and let God.
And I don't know
about you, Crystal.
But when I hear those types
of things when I'm upset,
it made me even more upset.
I get so frustrated.
So in the teachings that
both Crystal and I do,
we would never tell you
to let go and let God.
We would show you how to do it.
What we would teach you
is how to ground yourself
into the earth so you
have a path to let go.
And then we would
have you plug in
to the top of your crown
chakra a golden cord.
And on the other end
of that golden cord
would be the highest
energy that you recognize.
You might call that
the supreme being.
So when that energy comes down
into your space, that's God.
So you're letting go
down the grounding cord.
And you're letting God in
through the cord that's
in the top of your crown chakra.
So it's not just
some words that are
supposed to give you comfort.
It's the step one,
step two, step three.
>>NOORY: Well, in
a nutshell, that's
also a video podcast that you're
doing, not just audio, right?
>>CIELO: Yeah.
We deliver it both ways.
>>NOORY: How do people find you?
>>CIELO: Basically through
our individual businesses,
Golden Rose Psychic Services
and Crystal Sunshine Psychic
Services.
>>NOORY: And they can
watch the program that way?
>>CIELO: Well, they come in to
"Metaphysical Q&A" that way.
"Metaphysical Q&A"
is its own website.
>>NOORY: OK.
And it's simple.
How often do you do
the podcast, Lauren?
>>CIELO: Well, it's
streaming live now.
The first season is done.
There's 15 episodes.
I think we're up to
episode four right now.
>>NOORY: That's intense.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
Season two we start
shooting next month.
We bring in experts.
And in season three,
we take it on the road.
So crystal and I will
be traveling around.
>>NOORY: Tell me a little
bit more about Crystal.
>>CIELO: Well, Crystal
is a former student.
And I've never had
a student like her.
I teach a beginning clairvoyant
six-month program, an advanced
five-month program, and then a
five-month teacher's program.
And Crystal took
all of them at once.
>>NOORY: At once?
>>CIELO: At once.
I have never had
a student do that.
And what I think about Crystal
is she comes from aviation.
She's a flight attendant.
And she's been all over
the world many times.
And I think by hurling her
body into different energies
so quickly, she's just
able to release energy
and doesn't really hold onto
a lot of stuff that might make
it difficult for other people.
>>NOORY: Well, good.
What was the reason for
creating the podcast?
>>CIELO: Well, what I realized
was that what Crystal and I
think is that we can explain
every human experience that
you're having--
an emotion, a thought,
a memory, anything--
from metaphysics.
If we explain to you
exactly what you're made of
and why you're thinking
and feeling the way
you are, then you can change it.
>>NOORY: What are some of
the subjects you've touched?
>>CIELO: Everything.
>>NOORY: Human
emotion, everything.
>>CIELO: Everything.
Physical-- how come our
bodies do certain things,
like sympathetic yawning?
I know.
>>NOORY: It doesn't
mean I'm bored, right?
>>CIELO: It has a
metaphysical reason.
If your eye twitches,
there's a reason for that.
We go through ghosts and angels,
ascended masters in the 15
episodes we've shot so far.
And the questions come from the
audience, from our listeners.
So they've got some really
interesting questions
they want answered.
>>NOORY: Oh, they always do.
It's surprising sometimes.
Have you noticed,
Lauren, that sometimes
if someone yawns that if you're
close by, you may yawn, too?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: It's almost
like it's infectious.
How does that happen?
>>CIELO: Well, you might have to
watch the podcast to find out.
But I'll throw you
a bone for you.
Really what it is is it
has to do with survival.
Think of us as monkeys before we
were evolved into Homo sapiens.
And one of us was tired.
So if I'm going to fall
asleep in the cave,
I want to make sure everybody
else is falling asleep, too.
So it really comes as
a survival mechanism.
>>NOORY: Because
you're afraid we're
going to kill you or
do something to you.
>>CIELO: And so when I realized
that, I started kind of playing
with it in my own space.
So I would imagine
a cat yawning.
And it didn't really
make me want to yawn.
And then I thought
about a lion yawning.
And I wanted to yawn.
So I think it has to do with if
you think that that animal is
capable of getting you
while you're asleep, then
you'll start to work what we
would call "matching pictures."
Let's both go to sleep and
not one of us eat each other.
So it really comes back--
it's a first chakra thing.
>>NOORY: I mean,
it's truly bizarre.
And just notice this, folks.
If you see someone yawn,
you may yawn just like that.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a survival mechanism.
>>NOORY: And it's not
that you're tired.
It just happens.
>>CIELO: We don't
sneeze that way.
We don't cough that way.
It's the fear of falling
asleep when it's not safe.
>>NOORY: I always
thought when I was a kid
that when I saw that
happen, if somebody yawned,
they sucked the air out
of the area you were in.
And you were just--
and did the same thing.
Now, the subject
matter that you come up
with-- how do you do that?
>>CIELO: Well, like I
mention in the podcast,
Crystal and I figure that
everybody is pretty curious.
So we started answering
their questions in easily
understood metaphysical terms.
And then we realized that we
didn't just want to entertain.
We didn't want to just
stimulate people's crown chakras
with information they
hadn't heard before.
So we started to add on to the
"Metaphysical Q&A" platform.
And that's where the
teachings come in,
where we show everybody that
the only thing that you're
made of, from the outer
layer of your aura in,
is just energy and information.
That's the only thing
in the universe.
And so when you see
something or hear something,
the way you react to it
is because of the energy
and information in your space.
>>NOORY: What about a
relationship, Lauren,
between human and animal?
Is there anything?
>>CIELO: Same thing.
Absolutely.
I don't really think
that the energetics
of animals and humans
are different at all.
We are an animal.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
So if you have a pet that you
love, there's a bond there,
isn't there?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
And it's contracts.
>>NOORY: Is life
a soul contract?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
And there's a group agreement,
a planetary contract.
And that's why some things are
allowed and some things aren't.
I usually go back to
Einstein on this one.
E equals mc squared has
been in the Akashic records
the whole time.
>>NOORY: It's always been there.
>>CIELO: Always been there.
But it wasn't until
everyone was incarnate,
decided, OK, we'll let
E equals mc squared.
And we'll have nuclear
power and nuclear weapons.
And then, all of a
sudden, Einstein said, E
equals mc squared.
>>NOORY: Have you
ever have a day
as a clairvoyant where
it just is blocked,
it just doesn't happen?
>>CIELO: No.
>>NOORY: You've never
had one of those?
>>CIELO: No.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
Well, for one thing, I've
been doing it so long, George.
And I can turn it on and
turn it off like crazy.
I don't usually read people
at all in regular life,
maybe if I'm in a jam.
>>NOORY: To help you, right?
>>CIELO: Yeah, right.
But I don't really.
It's a completely
different space for me.
>>NOORY: I mean, if
you go out to dinner
with a group of people,
you're not analyzing everybody
or anything like that.
>>CIELO: I actually
have been invited
to parties where afterwards
the host would say, well, what
did you read about everybody?
And I was like,
I wasn't reading.
>>NOORY: And was that the
intent for inviting you?
>>CIELO: I think it was.
>>NOORY: They wanted
you to read everybody.
Have you ever been to
a party as a party,
where you're the person and
they want you to read people?
>>CIELO: Yes, I have.
I call them "group readings."
And usually the groups are
people that work together.
And they want their
company to do better
or teams that are competing
together, things like that--
I guess a group
with a common goal.
>>NOORY: Do you
have to read people?
Or can you read events as well?
>>CIELO: Anything,
because everything's
made out of energy.
And that's what I read.
So really, I can read anything.
>>NOORY: Well, what I'm sensing
is that this country right now
is going through
some kind of turmoil.
I can't quite put
my finger on it.
But there seems to be
more people, Lauren,
that I have run into that are
uptight, not happy, and very
bitter about certain things.
Do you feel that, too?
>>CIELO: Oh, yes.
Absolutely.
I think it's just struggling
from the path of love to fear
and popping back and forth.
We've known for decades that
this ascension that we're going
through-- that's what it does.
It divides the path
of love and fear.
So that's the why we've created
such an alarming environment
right now.
If I watch the news,
I can feel myself
shifting from the path of
love to the path of fear.
>>NOORY: It's almost like
you don't want to watch it.
>>CIELO: That's it, yeah.
>>NOORY: I have
to for what I do.
But there are many nights you'll
look at this and go, oh my God.
How much of this can we take?
>>CIELO: Yeah, the conflict.
>>NOORY: Road rage is out
of control, for example.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
I think they're
really struggling now.
And I think maybe that's why
"Metaphysical Q&A" can help.
Because again, whatever
you're experiencing
when you're watching
that TV show
or interacting with that
person on the freeway--
you really can control
it metaphysically.
>>NOORY: Do you try
to calm people down?
>>CIELO: Yes, absolutely.
And I try to give them the tools
that they can use on the fly--
not to stop in the
middle of traffic
and go into meditation,
but metaphysical tools
that they can use right then.
>>NOORY: What is your
biggest goal for you
personally when you're
trying to teach these people
or instruct them?
>>CIELO: I think I
want to help them
see the world from
a higher perspective
and what their role
is in it, and in that,
maybe adding more amusement and
being less serious about what's
really happening.
I mean, this isn't real.
>>NOORY: It's not.
It's fairy tales, isn't it?
>>CIELO: Well, it's
really virtual reality.
>>NOORY: Well, you
know, there are
some that say that we are living
in that virtual reality world,
that this is not real at all.
Is that possible?
>>CIELO: That's how I see it.
>>NOORY: Is somebody going to
erase us at any given time,
and we're gone?
>>CIELO: That's what's so
interesting about the time we
live in.
If I were to explain to
you how I see this reality,
it is a virtual reality,
just like a computer game.
But think if I was trying to
tell you that 50 years ago
before there was video games.
You would think I was insane.
You wouldn't even be
able to understand.
>>NOORY: I wouldn't get it.
>>CIELO: You wouldn't get it.
>>NOORY: You wouldn't get it.
>>CIELO: So our
technology actually helps
us understand the universe.
>>NOORY: If we went back
and talked to the ancients
about our kind of technology
of today, they wouldn't get it.
>>CIELO: Well, my great
grandmother wouldn't get it.
She would be in the corner
rocking back and forth
if she saw my cell phone.
>>NOORY: You're
probably too young.
But I don't know if you remember
the old "Dick Tracy" cartoons,
where he'd talk in his watch.
And he'd do this.
I mean, we're doing
these things right now.
>>CIELO: Yeah, the "Star
Trek" communicators.
>>NOORY: Who had the
ability then to foresee
what the future would be like?
That's amazing.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
I guess the science
fiction writers.
>>NOORY: Truly is.
We've got another clip
from one of your podcasts.
Let's watch it.
>>CIELO: Now, this one
comes from Betty S.
In Portland, Oregon.
So thanks, Betty.
She says, I know
this may sound silly.
But I'm deathly afraid that
I'll marry the wrong guy.
How can I be sure that
the person I'm engaged to
is my soulmate?
Crystal?
>>CRYSTAL HEINEMANN:
Well, I think
this is a loaded question.
I'm happy to answer it.
I have lived through
this on this Earth plane
and in several other lifetimes.
This really goes
back to contracts.
I think a lot of this
comes back to contracts.
So let's go back to that,
where really a soulmates--
those are the
contracts that you have
to live through the
most, the ones that
have the most energy on it.
The ones that really
you learn the most from
are your soulmate relationships.
Now, because this question
is posed in a partnership
little package, you're concerned
about marrying the right guy.
Well, let's talk about
soulmates a little bit.
Soulmates are not exclusive
to just romantic partnerships.
And I also think
that a lot of people
think that the
question of soulmate
means that there's only
one, that only one exists.
And this is going to be
a lifelong partnership.
I think that's
really the context,
the misnomer of what people have
identified a soulmate with--
that you meet your soulmate.
There's only one.
You hope that you
grab him or her.
What if you missed that one
chance of that soulmate?
You're never going
to love again.
And then it's going to
be everlasting love,
like that fairy tale.
And the way that we read it--
I don't know about
you, Dr. Lauren.
But the way that I
read it is that we've
got so many soul contracts
with different soulmates.
Our best friends
are our soulmates.
Our siblings can be soulmates.
It's contracts that have
the most energy on it,
the contracts that really
impact your life the most.
>>NOORY: You let Crystal run
with the ball on that one.
>>CIELO: She's great.
>>NOORY: She learned from you.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
She's got a lot of
her own insight.
And she reads more
on the fly than I do.
You can see her.
She's closing her eyes
when she's peaking.
>>NOORY: Soulmates.
>>CIELO: Soulmates.
>>NOORY: What are they?
>>CIELO: I think they're the
people who sign the toughest
contracts with you, the
ones that transform you
the most, whether
you like that or not,
whether you enjoy that
transformation or not.
>>NOORY: This is interesting
because people say that, I had
a soulmate, but I got divorced.
Or we got separated.
How could that be if
we were soulmates?
Maybe they were never
soulmates in the first place.
>>CIELO: Well, I
guess it depends.
Like I said, if it was just
a passing relationship that
doesn't really affect
you, a lot didn't really
change you and transform you
a lot, then chances are not.
But even if it was a three-month
relationship that changed you
forever, you're never going
to see that person again,
that would still be
one of your soulmates.
>>NOORY: Relationships
are top on the list
for a lot of people.
Career, money, relationships
comes up all the time.
I know when I have psychics
on "Coast to Coast,"
they want to know about that.
Why do you need to
ask somebody if I'm
going to have a relationship?
Isn't that something they
should know for themselves?
>>CIELO: Well, I
think what I would
do if somebody is asking
me about relationships
is I would look
at those contracts
to see if they even have
an intimate relationship
contract hanging out there.
But that's one of the
things that's really
changing on this planet--
is intimate relationships.
And I don't mean just sexual
marriage-type things, just
people that are really close
to one another, like Crystal
and I, for example.
I've only ever met her on the
planet one time in real life.
>>NOORY: But you clicked.
>>CIELO: We absolutely click.
And you can see by our
podcast that we just play off
each other so well.
>>NOORY: That's how it works.
I had somebody call me once.
And he had a dream of a woman.
And he's sitting at the
airport in real life
and sees this woman from his
dream walking down the aisle.
And he goes, oh my God.
That's her.
He had to go up to her.
He probably figured, this girl
is going to think I'm crazy.
He goes up to her.
She stops and goes,
you're in my dream.
They were both separately
dreaming of each other.
How does that work?
>>CIELO: Well, I would say that
these two people are in touch
with their higher selves.
And when we dream,
we're actually
on the astral, where
our higher selves are
signing all those contracts.
And so they just happen
to be able to remember
the things they're doing
on the astral together.
And when you told
me that story, it
gave me goosebumps everywhere.
That's a great story.
>>NOORY: That is a super story.
How do we cut through
the morass of life
and make this a pleasant
environment for all of us?
>>CIELO: I think letting
go of resistance--
I think that's one
of the biggest things
that the environment on the
planet is asking us to do now.
Lots of people could draw lines
in the sand and defend them.
Sooner or later,
the line's going
to move the way the
world is right now.
This is the two
things that I try
to do to easily live
through my contracts
no matter what my higher self
is going to create next--
is I try to set my
chakras to two energies.
And the energies-- I would like
them to be woven so tightly
together that when
I'm in Lauren,
and I'm reading
Lauren's information,
I can't tell the difference
between the two energies--
and the energies are the
highest good of all--
and my soul contracts.
So if I sit here
and get a chance
to speak with you
on these topics,
that's a great contract.
If you want to play racquetball
with me and I kick your butt,
that's a great contract.
>>NOORY: And you probably would.
But don't play chess with me.
I'll get you.
>>CIELO: So that's
what I think--
is I try to set
myself to whatever
new, crazy things my higher
self is going to create.
Then I could just flow into them
without guilt or shame or pain,
regret.
>>NOORY: What about children?
Do they need these
contracts, too?
>>CIELO: Oh, everybody
has contracts.
They wouldn't even
have been here
if they didn't have contracts.
And I think probably
parenting contracts
have to be the toughest
to live through.
I've never had a kid.
But if I did and if I
was raising a child,
I would feel taxed to allow them
to live through those contracts
even if I did not like
what they were doing.
And then, of course, you
have the parental guilt of,
did I raise this
kid right or not?
I think it would
be very difficult.
>>NOORY: You know, I've
got three children,
six grandchildren, Lauren.
>>CIELO: Congratulations
>>NOORY: And the way we
raise them is we never
wanted them to get hurt.
I think it was
our responsibility
to let them be who
they were but step in
if you saw that possible
danger, whether it
was drinking or playing
around with drugs or whatever.
That's when we have
to step up as parents.
And it wasn't easy.
I mean, my oldest
daughter, who is a gem now
and has two kids of her
own, put us through hell.
And I remember one day
she was 16 years old.
And she went out drinking
with some of her friends.
And we ended up throwing her in
the shower with cold water on
and stuff like that.
And then she got so bad
we had to ship her off
to my sister in Detroit--
we were in St. Louis--
and put her in a
Catholic school there
to get her straightened out.
But it did.
It straightened her out.
But we felt as parents you have
to step in when you see danger.
Other than that, let
them be who they are.
And I felt that my contract
with her was that--
step in to save them
from really getting hurt.
And it made a big
difference for us.
>>CIELO: And the change
that you and your wife
and your other kids went through
by living through her contract.
>>NOORY: Which is funny,
because my second daughter
we put through
Catholic school, too,
not that they're any better
than the public system.
But I think they have a
little more discipline.
Then my son, who is the
youngest of the three--
we put him in Catholic school.
And he looked at his two
sisters and came running home
to us one day, crying.
His name is Jonathan.
And I said, John, what's wrong?
What's wrong?
He said, why am
I in this school?
I didn't do anything wrong.
It was his perception
of watching his two
sisters getting put into these
schools for their attitude
that we were doing
the same thing to him.
And it was just a
metamorphosis for us.
But it was a different
contract with him.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
And I think sibling contracts
are very interesting.
Absolutely.
And again, I would say that the
big karma-creating contracts
are marrying someone,
giving birth or having
them give birth to
you-- parent-child--
and then killing someone.
Of course, we don't
do that too much now.
But all of those people
are the same soul
over and over and over.
>>NOORY: I think so, too.
We'll get into that because I
have a big question about that.
But are all relationships
contractual?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: They are.
Good or bad?
>>CIELO: Yes, even as those
contracts are changing.
I just had a client the
other day ask if her marriage
contract was changing.
And it was.
And that's really
hard to live through.
>>NOORY: What is it about
relationships that don't work?
I mean, the divorce
rate is astronomical.
What's wrong?
>>CIELO: Well, like I said, I
think that you're going to see
the biggest shifts in your
relationship space as we move
forward into the
ascension energy--
the people that you
want to hang out with
and how close you want
those people to be,
how much you're
willing to heal them,
or how much you'll
allow them to heal you.
So I think the old "until
death do us part" contracts--
I don't think they work anymore.
And let me give
you a good example.
I think what a lot
of us are doing
is we're actually putting
more than one lifetime
into an incarnation.
For me, I was an
athlete and then
an engineer and then a psychic.
I could have been an athlete
and then died, come back
as an engineer and died,
and come back as a psychic
and died.
But I crammed them
all into one lifetime.
So I think relationships are
just very much more dynamic
now than ever before.
>>NOORY: I've been on the
air sometimes, and I've died.
[LAUGHTER]
For people to move ahead
in their own lifestyle,
whether it's a
relationship or a career
or this innermost happiness,
you need to find from within.
Because there's nothing,
I think, more glorious
than waking up in the
morning and just feeling good
about life, whatever it is,
whether you have to go to work,
or if you're in a relationship,
or whether you're not
in a relationship.
You're just yourself but
to be happy from within.
Can you sign a soul
contract with yourself?
>>CIELO: Well, I don't know if
that's so much a soul contract.
What I think that would
be is releasing resistance
to your contracts.
Because look-- I
always say this.
Higher self doesn't
shoot itself in the foot.
It doesn't think, I'm going
to incarnate and just have
a terrible life.
That's not its intention.
Its intention is to learn and
grow and have those adventures.
So here on Earth-- again, it
has a lot to do with the society
that we're raised in that says
this is good or this is bad.
And I think that's what
my soul contract was--
to be Lauren Cielo this time.
I had to let go
of a lot of that.
Quite honestly, I probably
wouldn't still be here.
I had to let go of what I
thought I was supposed to be.
>>NOORY: How can people tap into
that soul contract environment?
How can they get into it?
>>CIELO: Well
that's what I think
the teachings at
"Metaphysical Q&A" do.
Now, it spans, just
like you mentioned,
all the different
parts of our life--
children, family,
intimate relationships,
health, career, money, personal
development for a few of them.
And so what we do is we
take a daily experience
that you're having.
Let's say you're taking
a big test, right?
There's a teaching
that will show you
how you can leverage
easy-to-understand metaphysical
terms to really get
out of your own way
and enjoy taking that test
whether you pass it or not.
So we try to break it
down to each individual
because that's where we moved
from the podcast of being
entertaining and
stimulating you to really--
>>NOORY: More informational.
>>CIELO: Yeah, to
give you something
that you can really work with
to get more leverage here
on the planet.
So what I think is I
noticed that my life kept
getting easier and
easier and easier,
because it was really
tough for a long time.
And so I would ask myself,
why is it so much easier now?
>>NOORY: When you did our first
"Beyond Belief" five years ago,
were you a happy person?
>>CIELO: I think
I'm innately happy.
I think I spent most of
my high school and college
avoiding who I was by excelling
in academics and sports.
I just didn't want to go where
I knew I was going to go.
I could feel the sand coming
out from underneath my feet.
>>NOORY: Or where you
knew you should go.
>>CIELO: Right.
And I was not raised
to be what I am.
So I had to let go of
so much information
in my space that wasn't
really my information.
So it's been a long ride,
but it's been worth it.
And so I would
think for people--
for their lives to be easier--
is to get out of the way
of your soul contracts.
And when you have a
desire to do something,
to not think of it from a
standpoint of good or bad,
but to think of it as, if
I'm having this desire,
let me release any
resistance I have to it.
And then see where
we go with it.
Because let's take a
contract to kill somebody.
Let's just go to
the far extreme.
Well, if I have on
one color uniform
and you have on
another, if I kill you,
they're probably going to give
me a parade when I get home.
>>NOORY: When you
get home, sadly.
>>CIELO: Yeah.
But if I'm intoxicated,
and I run into your vehicle
and I kill you, now I have
all this guilt and shame.
But metaphysically,
it's the same thing.
It's the same contract.
We think of one as good
and the other as bad.
But our higher self doesn't.
>>NOORY: Do you believe
in reincarnation?
>>CIELO: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: So that soul does
incarnate, doesn't it?
>>CIELO: And I also think that
souls combine and separate
in incarnations.
Part of me might be part of you.
>>NOORY: Bottom line
for an individual,
what do you recommend that
someone who is just not quite
so sure of their life
and their lifestyle--
what do they do?
>>CIELO: I would say first
bump your self-esteem.
We have been taught through the
religions here or the paradigms
or whatever that we should
always be on our heels
and always
second-guess ourselves.
So when I talk to
people's higher selves,
they have such glowing reviews
of the person here on Earth.
I'll give you a good example.
I was making my bed.
And I was beating
myself up in my head.
I wasn't doing enough this, and
I was doing too much of that.
And Ankaijia bursts into
my stream of consciousness.
He says, why are you doing that?
And we have this relationship
where I go, I'm making my bed.
All humans make
their bed, Ankaijia.
He goes, that's not
what I'm talking about.
He goes, why are you
beating yourself up?
And I said, because I
just don't think I'm
doing what I need to be doing.
I could be doing so much better.
And he said something to me.
He said, well, why do you think
you're in body, and I'm not?
And I thought, I haven't
really considered that.
And he said, well, you're a
light worker in the ascension
age.
And if I was in body, I
couldn't do what you're doing.
>>NOORY: He couldn't do
what you're doing, yeah.
>>CIELO: And I started
to cry because I
don't see myself that way.
I mean, we all
think of our guides
as these superior beings.
But he just told me that I
could do a better job on Earth
than he could.
And I think most of us just
don't see ourselves that way.
>>NOORY: No, they don't.
Give us your website, Lauren.
>>CIELO: "Metaphysical Q&A"
is www.metaphysicalQA.com.
>>NOORY: Simple as that?
>>CIELO: Yep.
>>NOORY: Great.
Thanks again for
being on the program.
>>CIELO: Thanks for
having me, George.
>>NOORY: Let's not let five
more years go by, all right?
>>CIELO: Let's not.
All right.
>>NOORY: I'm going to sign
a soul contract with you.
You keep watching
"Beyond Belief."
And I'll keep doing the show.
I'm George Noory, and
thanks for watching.